OBSDOCS-674: Split LokiStack CR into own modules, move object storage docs (#68952)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/logging-loki-storage-gcp.adoc

// Module is included in the following assemblies:
// logging/log_storage/installing-log-storage.adoc
//
:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="logging-loki-storage-gcp_{context}"]

> = Google Cloud Platform storage

Reviewer: Procedure titles should begin with a gerund, such as "Configuring Google Cloud Platform storage".

Author: Out of scope

.Prerequisites

> * You have installed the {loki-op}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* You installed the {loki-op}.
```

> * You have installed the {oc-first}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* You installed the {oc-first}.
```

> * You have created a link:https://cloud.google.com/resource-manager/docs/creating-managing-projects[project] on Google Cloud Platform (GCP).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* You created a link:https://cloud.google.com/resource-manager/docs/creating-managing-projects[project] on Google Cloud Platform (GCP).
```

* You have created a link:https://cloud.google.com/storage/docs/creating-buckets[bucket] in the same project.

> * You have created a link:https://cloud.google.com/docs/authentication/getting-started#creating_a_service_account[service account] in the same project for GCP authentication.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* You created a link:https://cloud.google.com/docs/authentication/getting-started#creating_a_service_account[service account] in the same project for GCP authentication.
```

Author: Out of scope, but fixing anyway

.Procedure

> . Copy the service account credentials received from GCP into a file called `key.json`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Copy the service account credentials that you received from GCP into the `key.json` file.
```

Author: Out of scope, but fixing anyway
